Please use the step_trends, step_strengths, and global_trend predicted using historical_data and news as reference.
{"historical_data": "85,82,90,71,75,78,68", "news": "The promulgation of primary and secondary national ambient air quality standards by the US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) in 1971, as referenced on November 27, 1989, establishes a regulatory framework that continues to shape pollution control measures and air quality benchmarks. The growing air pollution in national parks like Sequoia, Kings Canyon, and Acadia by 1989 highlights the broader regional trends of deteriorating air quality that may extend to the None area. The shutdown of a plant on November 20, 1989, which ceased pollution of air, water, and soil, demonstrates how industrial activity directly impacts local air quality, suggesting that similar closures or operational changes could predict future improvements. The Catalina Eddy weather phenomenon, noted on November 13, 1989, is particularly relevant as it influences air quality in specific regions, including potential effects on None through atmospheric circulation patterns. Additionally, the California Indoor Air Quality Program's evaluation of multiple-jet impactors underscores advancements in monitoring technologies that could enhance predictive modeling. Lastly, the theoretical characterization of future environmental conditions, mentioned on October 30, 1989, emphasizes the importance of projecting trends in pollution and meteorological factors to anticipate air quality changes. Collectively, these factors provide a foundation for reliable air quality forecasting in the None region.", "step_trends": ["Falling", "Falling", "Rising", "Falling", "Falling", "Falling", "Falling"], "step_strengths": ["Significant", "Dominant", "Significant", "Moderate", "Dominant", "Dominant", "Dominant"], "global_trend": "Falling"}
{"historical_data": "67,101,57,70,68,65,62", "news": "The Habitability Study conducted on September 26, 1988, to assess environmental contamination in western New York provides critical baseline data on air quality in the region, which can inform future pollution trends and remediation efforts. The EPA's Record of Decision for the Marathon Battery Company Site in New York on September 1, 1988, and the Old Springfield Landfill Superfund site on September 22, 1988, highlight regulatory actions targeting contaminated sites, which may influence local air quality through mitigation measures. Additionally, the August 31, 1988, report on Domestic Wastewater Treatment, which mentions the requirement of air pollution control equipment, underscores technological advancements that could reduce emissions. The Guidance for Conducting Remedial Investigations and Feasibility Studies, including air-quality control measures, offers a framework for systematic pollution monitoring and intervention, further supporting predictive capabilities. While air quality warnings in Minnesota and Wisconsin on August 22, 1988, are region-specific, the broader efforts to combat pollution, such as addressing open-air drug trade, reflect regional strategies that could indirectly stabilize or improve air quality metrics. Collectively, these events and regulatory developments contribute to a foundation for forecasting air quality by addressing pollution sources, control technologies, and remediation practices.", "step_trends": ["Falling", "Falling", "Falling", "Falling", "Falling", "Falling", "Rising"], "step_strengths": ["Significant", "Moderate", "Emerging", "Significant", "Prominent", "Moderate", "Dominant"], "global_trend": "Falling"}
{"historical_data": "192,226,115,182,213,78,126", "news": "The Space Shuttle Environmental Effects program aimed to study the impact of space shuttle flights on tropospheric air quality, which could provide insights into atmospheric pollution dynamics relevant to forecasting. The Compendium of Archaeological, Cultural and Historical Resources highlighted air quality legislation as a requirement for environmental assessment, indicating regulatory frameworks that shape future air quality management. On July 4, 1983, the Air Quality Management District in Los Angeles called for voluntary actions to reduce air pollution, demonstrating community-level strategies that could influence emission trends. The mention of air quality standards in a June 30, 1983, New York Times article underscores ongoing concerns and regulatory attention, which are critical for setting pollutant thresholds. Additionally, the broader environmental situation in 1983, marked by concerns about air quality and toxic waste, reflects systemic issues that could persist and affect future air quality. The growing usage of environmental impact statements in 1983 further suggests an institutionalized approach to monitoring and mitigating pollution sources, which can enhance predictive modeling. While the restoration of the Statue of Liberty’s copper due to air pollution damage is a localized event, it exemplifies the long-term impacts of pollutants, reinforcing the need for accurate forecasting to mitigate such effects.", "step_trends": ["Falling", "Falling", "Falling", "Rising", "Rising", "Rising", "Rising"], "step_strengths": ["Moderate", "Emerging", "Significant", "Emerging", "Prominent", "Moderate", "Significant"], "global_trend": "Rising"}
{"historical_data": "156,233,97,140,129,101,195", "news": "In June 1983, concerns about air quality were prominent, particularly in regions like Los Angeles, where severe smog issues were noted, and in New York, where the Oregon Department of Environmental Quality addressed air quality challenges—highlighting regional pollution patterns that could inform future forecasts. The EPA's May 1983 report on control techniques for organic emissions and the impending judicial evaluation of the \"bubble\" policy for new pollution sources suggest regulatory and technological developments that may influence emission trends and air quality outcomes. Additionally, the broader environmental concerns in 1983, including toxic waste and dioxin contamination—such as at the Newark Farmers' Market—underscore persistent pollution sources that could degrade air quality if unmitigated. While the EPA's pesticide study and New Jersey's Clean Air Act violations are notable, their direct relevance to predictive air quality modeling in the None CBSA is less clear. However, the growing use of environmental impact statements during this period reflects an institutional framework for assessing and mitigating air quality risks, which could support more reliable forecasting.", "step_trends": ["Rising", "Rising", "Falling", "Falling", "Falling", "Rising", "Rising"], "step_strengths": ["Dominant", "Prominent", "Prominent", "Prominent", "Significant", "Moderate", "Significant"], "global_trend": "Rising"}
